Added index configuration variable entry (#5500)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/sensor/dallas_temp.md

sensor:
  - platform: dallas_temp
    address: 0x1234567812345628
    index: 1
    name: temperature
    update_interval: 120s
```

## Configuration variables

- **address** (*Optional*, int): The address of the sensor. Required if there is more than one device on the bus and index is not specified.

> - **index** (*Optional*, byte): The index of the sensor. Required if there is more than one device on the bus and address is not specified. *Note this index is based on the hardware addresses of the sensor and indexes will shift when during startup a sensor is not connected.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **index** (*Optional*, byte): The index (0-based) of the sensor. Required if there is more than one device on the bus and address is not specified.
  *Note this index is based on the hardware addresses of the sensors and the order can change if sensors are changed, added, or removed.*
```

sensor:
  - platform: dallas_temp
    address: 0x1234567812345628

>     index: 1

Reviewer: Move this to a second example or add a comment that only one of these can be used at a time.
